Add some examples to README (#58)
beacon-biosignals/TimeSpans.jl: README.md

```julia
julia> spans = [TimeSpan(Minute(1), Minute(5)), TimeSpan(Minute(2), Minute(6)), TimeSpan(Minute(10), Minute(15))]
3-element Vector{TimeSpan}:
 TimeSpan(00:01:00.000000000, 00:05:00.000000000)
 TimeSpan(00:02:00.000000000, 00:06:00.000000000)
 TimeSpan(00:10:00.000000000, 00:15:00.000000000)

# 2 out of 3 spans overlap, returning 2 merged timespans
julia> merge_spans(overlaps, spans) 
2-element Vector{TimeSpan}:
 TimeSpan(00:01:00.000000000, 00:06:00.000000000)
 TimeSpan(00:10:00.000000000, 00:15:00.000000000)

# no timespans contain one another
julia> merge_spans(TimeSpans.contains, spans)
3-element Vector{TimeSpan}:
 TimeSpan(00:01:00.000000000, 00:05:00.000000000)
 TimeSpan(00:02:00.000000000, 00:06:00.000000000)
 TimeSpan(00:10:00.000000000, 00:15:00.000000000)

julia> parent_span = TimeSpan(Minute(0), Minute(15))
TimeSpan(00:00:00.000000000, 00:15:00.000000000)

# return spans within `parent_span` when provided `spans` are removed
julia> invert_spans(spans, parent_span)
2-element Vector{TimeSpan}:
 TimeSpan(00:00:00.000000000, 00:01:00.000000000)
 TimeSpan(00:06:00.000000000, 00:10:00.000000000)
```

> Timespans can be indexed corresponding to a signal of a given sample rate, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timespans can be also be indexed to resolve for a particular time when provided the sample rate of an underlying signal. 
Conversely, one can also get the index for a particular sample time.
```
